[docs] Cloudflare integration README edits (#5205)
withastro/astro: packages/integrations/cloudflare/README.md

It's then possible to update the preview script in your `package.json` to `"preview": "wrangler pages dev ./dist"`.This will allow you run your entire application locally with [Wrangler](https://github.com/cloudflare/wrangler2), which supports secrets, environment variables, KV namespaces, Durable Objects and [all other supported Cloudflare bindings](https://developers.cloudflare.com/pages/platform/functions/#adding-bindings).

## Access to the Cloudflare runtime

> You can access all the Cloudflare bindings and environment variables from your `.astro` pages and API routes through the adapter API.

Reviewer: You can actually access them from any Astro components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can access all the Cloudflare bindings and environment variables from Astro components and API routes through the adapter API.
```

Author: I figured! Perfect. Much better.
